my name is
Abdullah my job is to
turn and that's exactly what this
15-year-old in raah does he spends most
of his day manually turning a wheel
attached to his father's seing machine
to allow him to M clothes for a
living before the war there was no need
for this method but under a complete and
continuous power outage Palestinians are
forced to find
Alternatives as the saying goes
necessity is the mother of invention
I've been a tailor for 25 years and have
already become highly professional but
in light of the current circumstances
I'm trying to just do what's available
so we had to replace the motor with this
wheel we turn it manually to create the
rotation needed for the sewing you can
say it provides 50% of the power
provided by a motor
Majid says although his working
conditions are much more difficult now
he's not increased his prices and while
in the past he used to create complete
and new designs now he's satisfied with
basic stitching and mending used
clothing that's what most of his clients
are asking for
now nearly three months of intensive
Israeli bombardment and ground
operations have left raafa and other
cities in the Gaza Strip in Ruins
essential amenities such as water
electricity and food are nearly
impossible to find hundreds of thousands
have lost their homes and
livelihoods Majid considers himself
lucky to be able to work and provide
some kind of service to the community
asked about the risk of working in an
open Street amid bombardment he
said everything is by God's will what
will happen must happen no one can
escape once's
when its hour has come nor will death
miss its
Target it's a common belief among
Muslims but much more so now among the
people of Gaza Muhammad van Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz